README.md, before:

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitcoin-api.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitcoin-api)

# Bitcoin

This is a CLI using the bitcoin.com exchange API to view market data and provide limited analysis.

CLI Demo video: https://youtu.be/K46q4ZAS6SI

Planned features:
  - More advanced analytical functions
  - Support for trading
  - Support for multiple exchanges
  - Algotrading, arbitrage
  - UI

Walkthrough of source code: https://youtu.be/TuTf84mZAEY

Blog Post: https://briannicholls.home.blog/2020/01/18/cli-project-bitcoin-com-crypto-api/

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
    ```ruby
    gem 'bitcoin-api'
    ```
And then execute:
    ```
    $ bundle install
    ```

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install bitcoin-api


## Usage

In your code use:

    ```ruby
    require 'bitcoin'

    Bitcoin::CLI.new # to start the CLI
    ```

If you've cloned the repo, run `bin/console` to play around, or `bin/bitcoin` to start the CLI.

## Add API Key / Secret

Get your API Key and secret from your account settings at https://exchange.bitcoin.com/settings/api-keys.

Create a file named `.env` in root directory. The contents should look like this:

```ruby
API_KEY={your API key (no quotes or brackets)}
SECRET={your Secret key (no quotes or brackets)}
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/nichol88/bitcoin_api.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

update readme, move TO-DOs to their own file

README.md, after:

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitcoin-api.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/bitcoin-api)

# Bitcoin

This is a CLI using the bitcoin.com exchange API to view market data and provide limited analysis.

CLI Demo video: https://youtu.be/K46q4ZAS6SI

Walkthrough of source code: https://youtu.be/TuTf84mZAEY

Blog Post: https://briannicholls.home.blog/2020/01/18/cli-project-bitcoin-com-crypto-api/

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
    ```ruby
    gem 'bitcoin-api'
    ```
And then execute:
    ```
    $ bundle install
    ```

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install bitcoin-api

## Usage

To start the CLI, navigate to the root directory in your terminal and run `bin/bitcoin`

You can also run `bin/console` to play around. For the API documentation, [See Here](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/bitcoin-api/)

## Add API Key / Secret

While not required to view market data, you can add your personal API key to view and manage your own account on Bitcoin.com

Get your API Key and secret from your account settings at https://exchange.bitcoin.com/settings/api-keys.

Create a file named `.env` in root directory. The contents should look like this:

```
API_KEY=123456789
SECRET=123456789
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/nichol88/bitcoin_api.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
